Latest Version
==============
Please see the latest version of GSET:https://github.com/BioinformaticsCSU/GSET


License
=======

Copyright (C) 2019 Jianxin Wang(jxwang@mail.csu.edu.cn), You Zou(zouyou@csu.edu.cn)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Xingyu Liao, Associate Professor, School of Computer Science,
Northwestern Polytechnical University (NPU), Chang'an  Campus, Xi'an  Shaanxi, 710072,  P.R. China.
E-mail:  liaoxingyu@nwpu.edu.cn
URL: https://teacher.nwpu.edu.cn/2023010072


Installation and operation of GSET 
==================================

### Dependencies

When running GSET from GitHub source the following tools are required:

* [Matlab 2012a or above]
 
### Install GSET

GSET is a Matlab function script and therefore will require a machine with Matlab pre-installed.

Start Matlab and copy the file GSE.m to current work directory.

Usage: GSE(infile,L,K,[error])

    infile: the .histo file contain k-mer frequencies, which generated by jellyfish or other tools.
	L: the average length of reads.
    K: the length of a k-mer.
    error: estimation of sequencing error rate, optional, default is 0.005.	

### Example
	
    Step1: generate .histo file from fasta or fastq files.
	    zcat *.fastq.gz | jellyfish count /dev/fd/0 -C -o data_15mer -m 15 -t 8 -s 5G
        jellyfish histo -h 3000000 -o data_15mer.histo data_15mer
	Step2:Start Matlab and keep data_15mer.histo and GSE.m both in the current work directory, and Run
		GSE('data_15mer.histo',101,15);
	